- **Deskmat** - a mat that goes on your desk. Can be used for design, comfort, or sound purposes.
- **Foam** - a material that is used to dampen the sound of the keyboard. Usually, it's used on the bottom of the keyboard.
- **Group buy** - process to buy keebs related products where you pay upfront, and then the manufacturer will produce the product. Usually, you have to wait a lot of time, around 6 months to 1 year (sometimes up to 2 years for GMK sets). **This is probably the most important thing you need to know about the hobby**. If you want high-end/interesting products you'll have to do group buys. You can always buy cheaper things that are in stock, but you'll miss out on a lot of cool stuff (although buying an affordable in-stock keyboard can be a good idea at first to learn about the building mechanism and not all in-stock keebs are bad of course).
- **Interest check** - a poll to see if there is enough interest in a product. Usually, it's used before a group buy to see if it is worth starting it. Watching for interest checks is a good way to know what products are coming out soon, and you can also support people that are trying to launch their products. You can find interest checks on [geekhack](https://geekhack.org/index.php?board=132.0) and on Reddit [r/mechanicalkeyboards](https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/search/?q=IC&restrict_sr=1&sr_nsfw=&include_over_18=1&sort=new).
- **Keeb enthusiast** - a person who is passionate about keyboards.
- **Keeb** - a keyboard.
- **QMK** - firmware that allows you to customize your keyboard. You can find it in most of the keyboards you'll find in the hobby. You can customize the firmware on tools like [QMK Configurator](https://config.qmk.fm/#/) or [VIA](https://caniusevia.com/). **For beginners, I recommend using VIA, it's easier to use.**
- **Sound test** - a video that shows the sound of a keyboard. Usually, it's just a video of someone typing showcasing the result that he achieved.
- **VIA** - free software that allows you to customize your keyboard. You can remap the keys directly on the firmware, meaning if you take your keyboard to another computer the changes will remain.
